hi everybody this is Diana from sweeties
hello and today we're making carnitas
tacos with a cilantro lime sauce now
these carnitas are a little bit
different because we're now gonna
marinate them with a lot of ingredients
we're just gonna roast them in the oven
and bring out the natural flavor of the
meat which is the way they make them add
my favorite Mexican restaurant and trust
me these are incredible as always the
link for this recipe is gonna be
available at the end of the video and in
the infobox below first we're gonna make
our cilantro lime sauce and for that
we're gonna need some cilantro that
we're gonna put in a food processor
we're also gonna add some jalapeno
garlic powder
[Music]
onion powder cumin some lime juice and
we're also going to add some crema
mexicana or Mexican table cream if you
can't find this you can use just heavy
whipping cream if you want and then
we're gonna add a little bit of mayo
we're gonna cover and then we're gonna
process until smooth
[Music]
now we're going to season with a little
bit of salt then we process again to
make sure everything's well blended and
then we're gonna store it in the fridge
to make our carnitas we're going to need
a pork shoulder roast this one still has
the bone and all we have to do is trim
off the fat if you don't want to trim
off the fat that's okay because this is
completely optional we're also going to
remove the skin and when I remove the
skin I also remove a little bit of meat
just like this because I save it to make
other Colombian recipes such as
Colombian beans tamales and lentils
[Music]
the next thing we're gonna do is we're
gonna cut this pork shoulder in half
because it's very thick right now we cut
it right in the middle
[Music]
and we're also going to remove the bone
now when I remove the bone I also like
to leave a little bit of meat on the
bone because I save it to make other
recipes such as sancocho and pork stew
then we're going to season our meat with
a little bit of salt we're gonna put it
in a roasting pan or a baking dish
[Music]
and then we add a little bit of water
then we're gonna bake it at 375 degrees
for about an hour and after an hour this
is what they look like then we're going
to turn them over and we're gonna bake
them again at 450 degrees for about 30
minutes turning them over every five to
eight minutes until they're golden brown
on the outside once they're done we're
gonna put them on a cutting board and
then we're gonna shred them with a
couple forks if you want you can use
your hands but remember these are
steaming hot so you have to be careful
[Music]
and now our carnitas are ready to warm
up our corn tortillas we're going to
place them on a hot pan and we're going
to heat them up for about 10 seconds per
side if you want you can add a little
bit of oil and fry them in the oil
[Music]
and once they're done we're gonna put
them on a plate and cover them with a
towel or a paper towel to assemble our
tacos all we have to do is put some
carnitas on a corn tortilla then we're
gonna add some cilantro
you can add some white onion if you want
we add a little bit of that cilantro
lime sauce some hot sauce and avocado
and lime wedges and that's how you make
some carnitas tacos with a cilantro lime
sauce if you enjoy this video in this
recipe please give it a thumbs up and
subscribe to this channel and to check
out the recipe you can click on cárdenas
tacos recipe don't forget that you can
follow me on Facebook Twitter Instagram
Pinterest and Google+ thanks everybody
for watching and I hope to see you next
time bye bye
my bro H Oh
[Music]